Hello, we are already in the month of love and
friendship for this we bring you a
Special tutorial for February 14
we're going to need cupcakes
and stir it can be used any
another flavor that you want we are going to
also to occupy bitumen color red and
fondant decorations like some leaves
of green fondant and a bow too
we will need
the tip number 1 m of the winston brand
this is yours and a pastry bag
of course and what we are going to do
Lets put
his inside his sleeve
and let's first accommodate our
cupcakes we put one in the middle and we're going to
go accommodating around
In total there will be seven cupcakes
that what we're going to do here we're going to
form one as if it were a flower
we put the bitumen in the pastry bag
we lower them so that the air comes out
and it's here and ready
let's start decorating them
starting at the center
we are going to press and we are going to turn
forming a flower
let's continue doing all
covering them with the bitumen
starting at the center and we continue
spinning
and we are arranging the stems
and here to match a bit what I'm going
to do is I'm going to cut
although the sizes are all all
of the same size true
mother nature more perfect if it is
what
let's put them
in different sizes
and here I already have a bow
this is a ribbon today here they have
finished the project we hope that you
be very useful and if you already know if
do they can label them in the
Facebook
with the photographs and thank you very much for
follow us see you next